Update of blog post (#21)
tdex-network/dev-portal: blog/2021-09-01-tdex-terraform-automation.md

- - - - - 
### Install Terraform

Next step is to install Terraform on your machine.

> The easiest way is to follow its documentation [here](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/install/apt.html) \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way is to follow its documentation [here](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/install/apt.html) 
```

```
![Deploy](../static/img/deploy.png)

> 

Reviewer: Better to remeber at this point to take note of the IP address and user of the provisioned machine, will be used to configure the tdex cli

### TOR 

Executing deploy.sh, you can setup your service behind TOR too. 
You can provide your public Onion key, or if left empty, service will generate it for you. 
If generated by TOR service, we advice you to check your TOR onion public key and register it.

Connect to your Linux box over SSH and get onion key.
```sh
$ ssh -i ~/.ssh/key_location ubuntu@your.tdex.host.ip
$ docker exec tor onions

```

> Once you have your Onion public key, please follow [this](./docs/provider/registry) tutorial on how to register your Onion endpoint with us. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have your Onion public key, please follow [this](../docs/provider/registry) tutorial on how to register your Onion endpoint with us. 
```

> Once you have your Onion public key, please follow [this](https://dev.tdex.network/docs/provider/registry) tutorial on how to register your Onion endpoint with us. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have your Onion public key, please follow [this](./docs/provider/registry) tutorial on how to register your Onion endpoint with us. 
```

> Once you have your Onion public key, please follow [this](https://dev.tdex.network/docs/provider/registry) tutorial on how to register your Onion endpoint with us. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have your Onion public key, please follow [this](https://dev.tdex.network/docs/provider/registry) tutorial on how to register your Onion endpoint in the [public TDEX registry ](https://github.com/TDex-network/tdex-registry)
```

### Use TDEX CLI to interact with tdexd endpoint

TDEX is a CLI (GRPC client), that can be used to interact with remote TDEX-deamon endpoint. 
We need to init/configure tdex-cli, which is way of authenticating to deamon. 
When configuring service, we need to provide several things:
 - tls_cert_path
 - macaroons_path
 - rpcserver (this will be IP of machine where tdex-box is deployed)

> To install Tdex cli you need to clone tdex-deamon repository and build TDEX cli. 

Reviewer: Lets provide a bash installer script to pull down the binary already compiled for his own machine

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/tdex-network/tdex-daemon
$ cd tdex-deamon
$ make build-cli
$ ln -s build/tdex-linux-platform /usr/bin/tdex
```

Once you have installed TDEX CLI, you would need to download TLS and Macaroons from your tdexd host machine in order to connect remotely. This command will download whole gated/ folder which is copy of your container deamon. 
```sh

> $  scp -r ubuntu@your.tdex.host.ip:/path/to/tdexd/ /path/to/local/destination

Reviewer: Lets use local path, where the user is running the commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$  scp -r user@your.tdex.host.ip:/path/to/tdexd/ .
```

```

Proceed with configuring tdex-cli with downloaded macaroons and cert, and add your remote endpoint IP. 

>  - cert.pem will be located at gated/tls/cert.pem 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - cert.pem is located at gated/tls/cert.pem on the remote machine
```

>  - admin.macaroon will be located at gated/macaroons/admin.macaroon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - admin.macaroon is located at $HOME/gated/macaroons/admin.macaroon on the remote machine
```

```sh
# By default it looks for the daemon operator gRPC interface on localhost:9000
$ tdex config init
# If the daemon is running on regtest

> $ tdex config init --network=regtest --explorer_url=http://localhost:3001 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> # If the daemon is running on regtest
> $ tdex config init --network=regtest --explorer_url=http://localhost:3001 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> $ tdex config init
> # If the daemon is running on regtest
> $ tdex config init --network=regtest --explorer_url=http://localhost:3001 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: remove this part, not relevant to this tutorial

# or on a remote machine

> $ tdex config init --rpcserver=example.com:9000 --tls_cert_path=/location/cert.pem --macaroons_path=/location/admin.macaroon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ tdex config init --rpcserver=example.com:9000 --tls_cert_path=/location/cert.pem --macaroons_path=./admin.macaroon
```

##### OR you can use config to set your values

> $ tdex config list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ tdex config
```

> $ tdex config set tls_cert_path /path/to/downloaded/cert.pem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ tdex config set tls_cert_path ./cert.pem
```

> $ tdex config set macaroons_path /path/to/downloaded/admin.macaroon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ tdex config set macaroons_path ./admin.macaroon
```

> $ tdex config set rpcserver tdex.remote.host.ip (IP of your deployed machine)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ tdex config set rpcserver tdex.remote.host.ip 
```

After those are set, you can test tdex-deamon
$ tdex listmarket
$ tdex help   <-- for more information and commands
```

> For more information please check [this link](https://dev.tdex.network/docs/provider/daemon/getting_started/configure_cli)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information [how to configure and use the TDEX CLI](https://dev.tdex.network/docs/provider/daemon/getting_started/configure_cli)
```

### Deposit funds

> Please follow [this link](https://dev.tdex.network/docs/provider/daemon/deposit_funds) to deposit funds to Open market.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Done!** Now you are ready to [deposit funds](https://dev.tdex.network/docs/provider/daemon/deposit_funds) to open a market and earn swap fees.
```
